Hello, Learn German in Hindi, Hello, Learn German in Hindi, welcome to this episode. From today, in the welcome to this episode. From today, in the next episode, we are going to learn to next episode, we are going to learn to make complex sentences and complex structures. So, make complex sentences and complex structures. So, you start you start with a simpler concept. That is, there are with a simpler concept. That is, there are 10,000 points, base is a conjunction. This is a 10,000 points, base is a conjunction. This is a conjunction, it is basically an adverb. So, let conjunction, it is basically an adverb. So, let us see how to use it. Basically, it would be ' us see how to use it. Basically, it would be ' dit almond' or 'phir' in Hindi. dit almond' or 'phir' in Hindi. Therefore, and 'trodden' would be 'amle' Therefore, and 'trodden' would be 'amle' in Hindi. Still, still, how to use it, let in Hindi. Still, still, how to use it, let us see. It is a very simple us see. It is a very simple usage. We have to join 2 seconds. We usage. We have to join 2 seconds. We need a little change. First of all, we will say simple. I need a little change. First of all, we will say simple. I like tea, that is why I drink tea. I like tea, that is why I drink tea. I like teammates for writing. This is simple. So, what will be the like teammates for writing. This is simple. So, what will be the first sentence? first sentence? What will be the second sentence? This trick will make What will be the second sentence? This trick will make fast pairs. So, this will fast pairs. So, this will come only in the country India and come only in the country India and I will give you some simple thing in keeping that I will give you some simple thing in keeping that it will be the lesson of 10 years and second sentence. it will be the lesson of 10 years and second sentence. 10 years and second sentence.  If it becomes a part of the sentence 10 years and second sentence.  If it becomes a part of the sentence then if it becomes a part of the second sentence then if it has got then if it becomes a part of the second sentence then if it has got 10 years on the first question then the 10 years on the first question then the second should be declared that is why second should be declared that is why this mask tehsil Priyanka Ishte very this mask tehsil Priyanka Ishte very simple this hitting 10 years printer instant simple this hitting 10 years printer instant and accident make because India has and accident make because India has Sunday today so I do not work Sunday today so I do not work that today this Sunday I will send a dash for the that today this Sunday I will send a dash for the door to work so what will happen such joint after all door to work so what will happen such joint after all this updater next add what will happen 10 this updater next add what will happen 10 years ago will come second puja karvai ga add don't years ago will come second puja karvai ga add don't Id at the place butter this kunth very simple Id at the place butter this kunth very simple edit now the opposite of this is if I have to tell you edit now the opposite of this is if I have to tell you that I like it a lot still that I like it a lot still I would like to I would like to come live coffee not dharai siding team then the come live coffee not dharai siding team then the rest of the structure will remain the same this trick rest of the structure will remain the same this trick of this route will spread this trick cut to add a of this route will spread this trick cut to add a bit so what will happen this mask coffee bit so what will happen this mask coffee router drink is simple like the router drink is simple like the rest still I work Sunday rest still I work Sunday still I work instant article still I work instant article wash phone number what will happen this wash phone number what will happen this Sunday a point is about  It will come in Sunday a point is about  It will come in truck stand testis joint walnut saver truck stand testis joint walnut saver batter it is very simple ride no meaning is batter it is very simple ride no meaning is hard like that so what is the difference that the hard like that so what is the difference that the dog thal and trodden which was dog thal and trodden which was made a part of it in the composite second sentence that is why what has happened to the made a part of it in the composite second sentence that is why what has happened to the worst position so worst position so today I have deliberately learnt this today I have deliberately learnt this but next when the next concept which is but next when the next concept which is very important considered while very important considered while travelling in context to the colour which has become the travelling in context to the colour which has become the liner side and results in it liner side and results in it you are going to use it a lot if you have you are going to use it a lot if you have understood all this then if they understood all this then if they have all the rest of them are absolutely normal such and there are a few have all the rest of them are absolutely normal such and there are a few connectors best wagner lo whose connectors best wagner lo whose meaning is almost like huge or meaning is almost like huge or john st johns meaning otherwise if you will not john st johns meaning otherwise if you will not come on time then I will go 12.1 is come on time then I will go 12.1 is not much use not much use for you just see this you have for you just see this you have understood only career 10 years and tiffin so understood only career 10 years and tiffin so body no further a small thing some people body no further a small thing some people looking at the camera in the middle of strong global stance looking at the camera in the middle of strong global stance you can also write small this year  Or you can start the next sentence by making it difficult after seeing the above meaning, that is can start the next sentence by making it difficult after seeing the above meaning, that is Dharamjaigarh, okay good problem, it is fine, so you have come that Dharamjaigarh, okay good problem, it is fine, so you have come that everyone must have understood this conserve, see you everyone must have understood this conserve, see you in the next lesson with a little more in the next lesson with a little more