Hello, welcome to the next episode of Learn German in Hindi. Hello, welcome to the next episode of Learn German in Hindi. Today we are going to Today we are going to learn my favorite concept, the White learn my favorite concept, the White Tiger Connect. Right now, why is this my favorite Tiger Connect. Right now, why is this my favorite concept? The easier it is, the more important it is. It is concept? The easier it is, the more important it is. It is very easy, isn't it? Today we are going to very easy, isn't it? Today we are going to organize some sentences and do organize some sentences and do something. It is important because something. It is important because after using them, your language starts to after using them, your language starts to look next level because we are look next level because we are also at one level. So, as much as grammar is also at one level. So, as much as grammar is important, showing that important, showing that we can speak at a slightly higher level in our language is we can speak at a slightly higher level in our language is also important. So, for also important. So, for example, look, in Hindi, I drink tea and example, look, in Hindi, I drink tea and coffee. It sounds normal. I not coffee. It sounds normal. I not only drink tea but coffee also sounds only drink tea but coffee also sounds very high level. In English, very high level. In English, if you drink high quality coffee, it sounds very high if you drink high quality coffee, it sounds very high quality, but also coffee quality, but also coffee sounds very next level. So, just like this, we are going to learn to make sounds very next level. So, just like this, we are going to learn to make complex sentences from very simple connectors complex sentences from very simple connectors to high level sentences. So, to high level sentences. So, this is the White Helicopter. So, this is the White Helicopter. So, friends, this sentence is added near the sentence and that simple five is  We are going to learn that work. and that simple five is  We are going to learn that work. First I will give you just First I will give you just a list of 15 and then we are going to learn each one in a list of 15 and then we are going to learn each one in detail. So first see which one detail. So first see which one is Nishan order now can not only but also is Nishan order now can not only but also in English. Second is Twitter current affair in English. Second is Twitter current affair and third is the turnoff opposite to that, he does not and third is the turnoff opposite to that, he does not sleep here. This is a little now its interface is sleep here. This is a little now its interface is all two but the fifth one is - joint inside set on all two but the fifth one is - joint inside set on one side, that on the other side and one hand inside. So one side, that on the other side and one hand inside. So now using these five we now using these five we learn to make national sentences like this. So first of all the learn to make national sentences like this. So first of all the simplest Nishan and Jordan will come, that simplest Nishan and Jordan will come, that means not only but also this I had said means not only but also this I had said that I not only want but I also copied it that I not only want but I also copied it but you have to say this, what will you say in English, I don't but you have to say this, what will you say in English, I don't drink not only the drink not only the angry birds office what will happen in German angry birds office what will happen in German sprinkle misnomer tags on the rock play sprinkle misnomer tags on the rock play soil is nothing simple sentence soil is nothing simple sentence structure semi keep this green superintendent and structure semi keep this green superintendent and tagged unique twist similarly if the not only tagged unique twist similarly if the not only cricket button softball is pillar in amlo cricket button softball is pillar in amlo a cricket jounder out Pushpa very a cricket jounder out Pushpa very simple  On the side, if you want to do more here, then simple  On the side, if you want to do more here, then what will you do and Twitter order in what will you do and Twitter order in Twitter user login Idoltree and copy Mayat I Twitter user login Idoltree and copy Mayat I drink tea, so what will happen, drink tea, so what will happen, Spring Kayna in German, Twitter The Amazing Spring Kayna in German, Twitter The Amazing clothes, clothes, clothes, a simple but only your tractor, if you a simple but only your tractor, if you see, then I play, when cricket see, then I play, when cricket and football is pillar and veteran cricket and football is pillar and veteran cricket order, at that time here simple, its holder glance order, at that time here simple, its holder glance and in English here waiter knock, I don't and in English here waiter knock, I don't drink Niger t9 coffee is trick where tagged drink Niger t9 coffee is trick where tagged knock on that knock on that I plane there cricket and football I plane there cricket and football spillway, this cricket Noakhali very simple, I have not changed anything in the name in a sentence, we have only taught six words, not changed anything in the name in a sentence, we have only taught six words, cursed from inside for proper and cursed from inside for proper and minutes, from the side it is simple, but in it the minutes, from the side it is simple, but in it the root of the platform is like the one which is root of the platform is like the one which is riding and from inside it has sex, the riding and from inside it has sex, the lesson of that sentence is formed which I last lesson of that sentence is formed which I last saw, then on the question, do this, then saw, then on the question, do this, then we see, then this is I like we see, then this is I like team, divide print copy alive typing coffee, team, divide print copy alive typing coffee, we will do this a little  You can speak with emotion, we will do this a little  You can speak with emotion, oil, two it watering copies, oil, two it watering copies, so this which can make Om in the garden, you can so this which can make Om in the garden, you can wish wish wish that after springing on you, that after springing on you, mother after a lot of product, why did the four become part of the first sentence, mother after a lot of product, why did the four become part of the first sentence, that is why pharmacists apply this trick on you, Kavya that is why pharmacists apply this trick on you, Kavya your ocular, we have first your ocular, we have first Sikander temple operation, it does not do some sentences, it is Sikander temple operation, it does not do some sentences, it is clear, similarly all so I clear, similarly all so I like cricket, but you left hair grooming massage like cricket, but you left hair grooming massage cricket our love loot hair, it will be very simple cricket our love loot hair, it will be very simple and the last consumption was and the last consumption was accepted in the update not to use much, on one side accepted in the update not to use much, on one side this is, on the other side there is one hand inside, this is, on the other side there is one hand inside, but to complete the concept we also learn that but to complete the concept we also learn that and one hand and this decision and good are and one hand and this decision and good are inside, details are obscene, on one hand inside, details are obscene, on one hand Tesla is good, but on the other hand it is expensive, so Tesla is good, but on the other hand it is expensive, so how can it be or it will not go because it will how can it be or it will not go because it will come in the second position, Tesla is come in the second position, Tesla is very simple on the chat start in the group, you will not have to do anything, I will not say money, so it is most not say money, so it is most important, see if you see, the first important, see if you see, the first three are very simple, you are your normal  You three are very simple, you are your normal  You can use it in sentences, if there can use it in sentences, if there is an interviewer version instead, then we have a concept, is an interviewer version instead, then we have a concept, so don't use it wherever you see it, that is, so don't use it wherever you see it, that is, n't do it like I drink tea and coffee, now I n't do it like I drink tea and coffee, now I always drink not only tea leaves also, if there is a always drink not only tea leaves also, if there is a say not only tea and coffee also drink, so in this say not only tea and coffee also drink, so in this way all way all quiet active watering coffee and quiet active watering coffee and understand the emotion in it, don't sleep, yes the concept is understand the emotion in it, don't sleep, yes the concept is very easy, if you see, what did we very easy, if you see, what did we see today, only 10 words after seeing 5 see today, only 10 words after seeing 5 and only the door inside the side inside the and only the door inside the side inside the platform saw that they platform saw that they become part of the sentence and we have come to make such complex become part of the sentence and we have come to make such complex sentences, so the window of how to do this is very sentences, so the window of how to do this is very simple, but as I said, it should simple, but as I said, it should not be used everywhere, yes, it has to be used wherever it is needed, not be used everywhere, yes, it has to be used wherever it is needed, set this a set this a very-very important and very very easy very-very important and very very easy concept, I hope you all concept, I hope you all liked this concept, we will meet liked this concept, we will meet