Hello, learn German in Hindi, Hello, learn German in Hindi, welcome to this episode. There are a few welcome to this episode. There are a few episodes in which we have definitely learned the conjunctions. In episodes in which we have definitely learned the conjunctions. In total, we have learned 6 German conjunctions, 6 types of sub-conjunctions. total, we have learned 6 German conjunctions, 6 types of sub-conjunctions. Which ones do we see? First of all, the simple Which ones do we see? First of all, the simple ones, after that, vile ones, after that, vile and role, in the gym, work ends, and role, in the gym, work ends, after that, 10 years ago, Priyanshu after that, 10 years ago, Priyanshu learned plus infinitive, after that we learned plus infinitive, after that we learned from relatives, and this is my favorite concept, final learned from relatives, and this is my favorite concept, final product, and NCC. So, all these came, did you product, and NCC. So, all these came, did you revise them? If you haven't, then revise them? If you haven't, then you should do that. All of these should be together, that's why you should do that. All of these should be together, that's why I have made a playlist, German Conjunctions I have made a playlist, German Conjunctions in Hindi. You can find all of these in it. in Hindi. You can find all of these in it. Okay, when you revise a little bit, Okay, when you revise a little bit, then you can take this test. In this, then you can take this test. In this, I have made 15 I have made 15 questions on all these topics. Solve them calmly, electrical questions on all these topics. Solve them calmly, electrical fittings, whatever paths you find, fittings, whatever paths you find, and that's why write that. Definition of waist is and that's why write that. Definition of waist is not there, why don't you worship, not there, why don't you worship, revise that topic, it will tell you only and one revise that topic, it will tell you only and one good thing is trust me on  This will good thing is trust me on  This will always be useful to you whenever you are learning, not only that, but if always be useful to you whenever you are learning, not only that, but if you have not used it after 3 months or 6 months, then you can check it again, where will you see 15 questions from here, can check it again, where will you see 15 questions from here, now whatever is viral, you know the words now whatever is viral, you know the words but there is a problem in secretly doing Dheeraj-2, but you should but there is a problem in secretly doing Dheeraj-2, but you should go and do the same episode again, the net will help, with go and do the same episode again, the net will help, with this they were handover revision till liquid, ok this they were handover revision till liquid, ok everyone had it, when you understand then you will everyone had it, when you understand then you will see these 15 questions on the screen, you see these 15 questions on the screen, you can pause half the screen and can pause half the screen and I hope that all of you have understood the questions, right now I hope that all of you have understood the questions, right now we will all answer them together, first of all it is very easy to identify and easy to identify and during copy, that is why we do Urdu Prince's during copy, that is why we do Urdu Prince's tree, simple them, simple castor oil, live tree, simple them, simple castor oil, live cricket because it can play cricket, this cricket because it can play cricket, this mask cricket and Ishq cricket, speed jhankar mask cricket and Ishq cricket, speed jhankar came in the reason because the same registrar, came in the reason because the same registrar, character right side pizza young and character right side pizza young and till 128 pass, this pizza boy Spain will again till 128 pass, this pizza boy Spain will again in place of 'I' you can use in place of 'I' you can use that IPL cricket made ball love lagz that IPL cricket made ball love lagz request vanish in the here I request vanish in the here I deliberately did a little nominated for deliberately did a little nominated for creativity not much for you right now we will go chukked creativity not much for you right now we will go chukked infinitive kids important infinitive kids important to learn German like this twist this otherwise oo to learn German like this twist this otherwise oo learn on I have no time to learn on I have no time to meet mar this week's inner side March 253 meet mar this week's inner side March 253 tried to learn Spanish on this joker tried to learn Spanish on this joker Spanish London British now let's see the Spanish London British now let's see the market comment will rotate the market one and a half market comment will rotate the market one and a half that Anita Yadav am dead mic take Anita easy that Anita Yadav am dead mic take Anita easy effect meet patient again minute looted effect meet patient again minute looted yes highlight God and fry play football this yes highlight God and fry play football this mask with Pushpa yellow flower closed year mask with Pushpa yellow flower closed year sentence ka part bana banega ab last 5 my sentence ka part bana banega ab last 5 my favourite stars ko restaurant I drink favourite stars ko restaurant I drink water Lipsy words water Lipsy words that they can play I when cricket and football that they can play I when cricket and football veer wicket order some rain addiction I want to veer wicket order some rain addiction I want to drink 930 job woolen waiter's drink 930 job woolen waiter's notification tomorrow very simple right now  Swaad our notification tomorrow very simple right now  Swaad our and from here from this inside oil pasta time math and from here from this inside oil pasta time math pizza door Maa Pushpa side issues page pizza door Maa Pushpa side issues page number claim make the sentence text condition number claim make the sentence text condition festival and collector is and one hand they want to festival and collector is and one hand they want to play cricket trap the other hand he must learn play cricket trap the other hand he must learn German anal sex with strict channel its German anal sex with strict channel its India channel ka a India channel ka a exactly like I said if you exactly like I said if you want then you can write your marks in the comment section below if you get want then you can write your marks in the comment section below if you get good marks then it is a very good marks then it is a very good thing but if you get less marks then don't worry about it go and remind whatever happened from your body very easy I hope remind whatever happened from your body very easy I hope you liked this episode we will meet you liked this episode we will meet