Hello, welcome to this episode of Learn German in Hindi. Hello, welcome to this episode of Learn German in Hindi. Today we are going to learn only 10 Today we are going to learn only 10 words. How many are there? Only 10 words. How many are there? Only 10 and with that word we are going to learn 10 new conjunctions and with that word we are going to learn 10 new conjunctions and we are going to learn 10 ways to join two sentences. It and we are going to learn 10 ways to join two sentences. It is interesting. is interesting. For that, it is important that our For that, it is important that our basic conjunction culture of basic conjunction culture of mobile van Tulsi, its episode number is mobile van Tulsi, its episode number is 22, should be clear to you. If it is not, then 22, should be clear to you. If it is not, then check it and let it be clear. So today check it and let it be clear. So today we have to learn only 1098, what does it mean? Why did we we have to learn only 1098, what does it mean? Why did we learn it there? I drank because I liked drinking. learn it there? I drank because I liked drinking. What did we do? Do What did we do? Do you remember you remember what we said in this love story? Take the what we said in this love story? Take the character which will come in the middle and the character which will come in the middle and the moving square which is going to go at the end. This moving square which is going to go at the end. This cross is clear. So today it is very simple cross is clear. So today it is very simple that when we have learnt 10 connectors, that when we have learnt 10 connectors, I have given 10 questions in the description below. I have given 10 questions in the description below. Try to solve them, their Try to solve them, their answers are also given below them, then answers are also given below them, then you will know that you  I want to know if she has come to understand this you will know that you  I want to know if she has come to understand this or not, so let's start or not, so let's start learning all the conjunctions. The first one is my favorite, learning all the conjunctions. The first one is my favorite, Dante Dance, meaning it will be in Hindi and English. Dante Dance, meaning it will be in Hindi and English. Seeing the diner from Chandi, they must learn Seeing the diner from Chandi, they must learn German. They like the launch of the mission. German. They like the launch of the mission. If I say that I think that also must learn If I say that I think that also must learn German. German. German. Shoaib had put this tender. The tanker Shoaib had put this tender. The tanker Raj, after watching the video, why did he go to the lunar mission end? So, till this conditional class, you remember this day's till this conditional class, you remember this day's Das, otherwise the chairman, he understood, he liked acting a little more. Das, otherwise the chairman, he understood, he liked acting a little more. Now the opinion that is must learn Now the opinion that is must learn German, French is this month's Dayak German, French is this month's Dayak Jaihe Layer Mission and argues Jaihe Layer Mission and argues that he wants German in this role Gurung's Baba. In that he wants German in this role Gurung's Baba. In this way, Avdhesh Das, Veer, Veer Das, this way, Avdhesh Das, Veer, Veer Das, Mikram can do very well. All these Chinese have gone to this bank and village. This winner - Mother still have been Chinese have gone to this bank and village. This winner - Mother still have been stopped from this. Or you stopped from this. Or you can use it and your sentence becomes can use it and your sentence becomes of a completely different level. This will be of a completely different level. This will be very useful for you in special exams and the basic working is very very useful for you in special exams and the basic working is very simple.  Laddu is the one that was going to run, you will get it at the simple.  Laddu is the one that was going to run, you will get it at the end, nothing to do but at a end, nothing to do but at a high level plug a villain from the central high level plug a villain from the central when you listen to this you ask a question yes when you listen to this you ask a question yes no question means do you know what is in the list no question means do you know what is in the list fill this marking fill this marking how will this marking be done in the backlink animal ist mark how will this marking be done in the backlink animal ist mark in bearing service now we do it a little bit differently I want to know its mark that on which we will take now mark that on which we will take now what did we do in English we have put it so what did we do in English we have put it so why did we put it why was it indirect speech why did we put it why was it indirect speech when we also say weather and want to know weather when we also say weather and want to know weather marking throughout the day it is for that in German so marking throughout the day it is for that in German so what will happen look this minister mission what will happen look this minister mission Om mark in be reduced it's just and Om mark in be reduced it's just and simple Om means weather in English simple Om means weather in English he used to use Sanjay Dutt he used to use Sanjay Dutt a similar third character that is Bigg a similar third character that is Bigg Boss question ok love you stay questions Boss question ok love you stay questions means what is that Wwe Raju you ask in English then means what is that Wwe Raju you ask in English then we have learnt it in less detail we have learnt it in less detail ride so if you want to ask which is how ride so if you want to ask which is how much cost cost how much cost  So what is the cost of much cost cost how much cost  So what is the cost of BPL card status VPN BPL card status VPN status Okay now in English if you have to ask can you status Okay now in English if you have to ask can you please tell me how much did it cost please tell me how much did it cost if you see when you were making a normal sentence if you see when you were making a normal sentence you had put that I think that you had put that I think that university German date connect that is this was the university German date connect that is this was the question then you put your effigy of weather I want to know question then you put your effigy of weather I want to know this market zinc unique and on this this market zinc unique and on this when you added two things from your debit to the question when you added two things from your debit to the question you did not put any collector you did not put any collector because the next question is its because the next question is its effects of bus conductor can you please tell me how much effects of bus conductor can you please tell me how much Dravid's of floor cost year Dravid's of floor cost year everyone can answer exactly in German also if you everyone can answer exactly in German also if you use w10 question then the vote de use w10 question then the vote de question itself will correct such a connect you do question itself will correct such a connect you do not need to use different connects not need to use different connects only unknown direction condom registrar server will only unknown direction condom registrar server will go to the bank so go to the bank so what will happen to the status of VPN of classical channel seniors if what will happen to the status of VPN of classical channel seniors if corner we less cost only that student corner we less cost only that student got but how heavy has the call center become how it got but how heavy has the call center become how it seems that Anant Singh is where money seems that Anant Singh is where money VCCus cost and again  Very useful in VCCus cost and again  Very useful in exam, by the way if he is telling you that exam, by the way if he is telling you that he is the one who deserves it, then what will you say normal, he is the one who he is the one who deserves it, then what will you say normal, he is the one who deserves it, as this this deserves it, as this this program got a tadka, how am I, it was his program got a tadka, how am I, it was his birthday, where is Sanjay, very simple, so these birthday, where is Sanjay, very simple, so these three connectors which are canter, indirect three connectors which are canter, indirect speech record, which Das and Delhi speech record, which Das and Delhi admission, now we will learn two more collectors which are admission, now we will learn two more collectors which are simple, so first of all Ranbir and I simple, so first of all Ranbir and I mean during exam, I don't use it much, I mean during exam, I don't use it much, I mean I don't talk, the van driver is mean I don't talk, the van driver is driving, so I will not keep talking, so what will happen, driving, so I will not keep talking, so what will happen, look at this red, next Veronica, on this look at this red, next Veronica, on this this red list Veronica pimples and like this red list Veronica pimples and like you should know this for during you should know this for during and there is a conductor who does not use it, then we will and there is a conductor who does not use it, then we will learn Pal Pal, I mean learn Pal Pal, I mean if he is not there, then what will happen, if he is not there, then what will happen, my play, I will not play, I will play my play, I will not play, I will play in a serious note, so what will happen, this Vansh in a serious note, so what will happen, this Vansh villain, Ishwar appeal, unfair net speed, speed, it will just be villain, Ishwar appeal, unfair net speed, speed, it will just be fun, that something very simple, now send this fun, that something very simple, now send this important one message, make it a little important one message, make it a little simple, you are going to become important, so simple, you are going to become important, so Important 130 potatoes If any incident happens near you Important 130 potatoes If any incident happens near you which generally happens only once then which generally happens only once then click on it that when I was 10 years old I learned click on it that when I was 10 years old I learned English when I was 15 years old English when I was 15 years old I learned to ride a scooter so this is I learned to ride a scooter so this is used for them that the pattern will used for them that the pattern will remain so let's see English years old when remain so let's see English years old when strangers are there then strangers are there then what will happen this week English glue all what will happen this week English glue all Yudhishthir friend Alto is car paint second Yudhishthir friend Alto is car paint second sentence normally Ishwar out of that channel sentence normally Ishwar out of that channel also oh wow very simple side now let's also oh wow very simple side now let's take a simple C B4 B4 B4 is said in German take a simple C B4 B4 B4 is said in German and is said to doctor and a and is said to doctor and a simple English if you have to say milk so that's why then what will you simple English if you have to say milk so that's why then what will you say so say so a spring commission before sleep very simple a spring commission before sleep very simple just like it was in English now here there are just like it was in English now here there are two these words so that varma two these words so that varma mendak you can do it in reverse no tension mendak you can do it in reverse no tension so after iodine milk I sleep after so after iodine milk I sleep after iodine then what will happen this loop iodine then what will happen this loop this flame na step this chilli this must be said this flame na step this chilli this must be said and owner would have been through Ichhawar chilli and owner would have been through Ichhawar chilli What will happen with trunk milk, enter What will happen with trunk milk, enter Islam fruit, no step, this maximum tax, yes Islam fruit, no step, this maximum tax, yes without my simple, just like you use in English, without my simple, just like you use in English, you will learn new words, you will learn new words, rate actor Sharman is a mistress, which is rate actor Sharman is a mistress, which is not used much, there is an exam, how many times do not used much, there is an exam, how many times do you use English, that you use English, that people who lang, so how does it work, people who lang, so how does it work, see that brother, see that brother, I will players on this place will play I will players on this place will play along display, so what will happen this year, Pir along display, so what will happen this year, Pir Westfield, please, if you want to do a little remedy, then Westfield, please, if you want to do a little remedy, then you will remember the dialogue from Sholay, as long as you will remember the dialogue from Sholay, as long as your legs move, your legs move, rate sonth, this basically rate sonth, this basically after reduction, the dance of the decisions will right after reduction, the dance of the decisions will right click, hair long as you dance, so what will this click, hair long as you dance, so what will this loop do to remove trans fat, loose the langar milk, loop do to remove trans fat, loose the langar milk, okay, now we see the last one, okay, now we see the last one, which is again important, which is again important, so we started with regular, which is very important, so we started with regular, which is very important, now we will do diabetes in the price, so that is now we will do diabetes in the price, so that is important, and Islam, what does important, and Islam, what does purifier mean, then what does stain remove, that purifier mean, then what does stain remove, that explains the purpose explains the purpose Yes, say for example I eat fruits and vegetables Yes, say for example I eat fruits and vegetables so that I can stay healthy I don't eat so that I can stay healthy I don't eat fruits and vegetables should be added to fruits and vegetables should be added to turmeric so what will happen is that we turmeric so what will happen is that we normally break the mute the price of normally break the mute the price of this don't Blackburn price is a mid this don't Blackburn price is a mid level snake replace table level snake replace table because this is the character till that is very because this is the character till that is very simple and there are total 10 types of character seats right now there is nothing in it simple and there are total 10 types of character seats right now there is nothing in it if you know how to if you know how to use oil then it will get you 10 use oil then it will get you 10 awards okay only the top madam has gone awards okay only the top madam has gone clear now see when you will remember clear now see when you will remember there also we had said that sometimes we there also we had said that sometimes we can also say like this that brother viral this oil can also say like this that brother viral this oil only their class you only their class you can bring first so what am I in that the can bring first so what am I in that the former VC's cross brought first but the former VC's cross brought first but the first one which brought first that classification first one which brought first that classification first position that is why I have been first position that is why I have been till control system in it so if you till control system in it so if you told me more today while this told me more today while this I your mother an additional relationship after that I your mother an additional relationship after that Kamakhya Patrika came  Here also most of Kamakhya Patrika came  Here also most of the receiver which is before is all felt, it the receiver which is before is all felt, it comes in the first position like this, meaning today the disciple was comes in the first position like this, meaning today the disciple was not able to understand the behavior, gestures, favorite 2 inches not able to understand the behavior, gestures, favorite 2 inches air is the first thing after the English calendar com air is the first thing after the English calendar com when the first position works in the when the first position works in the second position, yes now they have this again second position, yes now they have this again audition its rich list is clear audition its rich list is clear or before Islam and Priyanka Ishq or before Islam and Priyanka Ishq Mirch Priyanka is Mirch remember Mirch Priyanka is Mirch remember personal category or Kumar that the first one which is personal category or Kumar that the first one which is a glass is a first position next we are doing it, it a glass is a first position next we are doing it, it is very simple but if you have the basic is very simple but if you have the basic concept then today we will learn only 10 new words concept then today we will learn only 10 new words and we have learned to join sentences in 10 ways, right and we have learned to join sentences in 10 ways, right below this and below this and in the description I have given 10 more sentences, in the description I have given 10 more sentences, you try to solve them, the you try to solve them, the answers are given below them, then you will know answers are given below them, then you will know how clear your concept is, I how clear your concept is, I hope you have understood this connection, hope you have understood this connection, we will meet in the next episode, we will meet in the next episode, thank you