Hello, welcome to the next episode of Learn German in Hindi. Hello, welcome to the next episode of Learn German in Hindi. Today we are going to Today we are going to learn I wish or tips. Do learn I wish or tips. Do n't be scared by seeing the name, it is a very fun, n't be scared by seeing the name, it is a very fun, very interesting concept. Meaning, very interesting concept. Meaning, whatever your wishes, imaginations, whatever your wishes, imaginations, dreams or whatever dreams or whatever suggestions you give to others, you suggestions you give to others, you can give all this through this concept. Meaning, for example, can give all this through this concept. Meaning, for example, sometimes you all must sometimes you all must remember that dialogue of Amitabh Bachchan from the movie that sometimes a remember that dialogue of Amitabh Bachchan from the movie that sometimes a thought comes to my mind that if you were there, it would have been like this, thought comes to my mind that if you were there, it would have been like this, you would have done this, you would have done that. you would have done this, you would have done that. What is this tense? This is neither past tense nor What is this tense? This is neither past tense nor future tense. If you were there, you would have been there, so with all in future tense. If you were there, you would have been there, so with all in real, it is real, it is not real or when we say that not real or when we say that if I were in your place, I would have done it. I if I were in your place, I would have done it. I know for them you do it. I don't know for them you do it. I don't know, but it is said that whether know, but it is said that whether you were there or not, this is the rear seat. you were there or not, this is the rear seat. So, all these situations, we are going to So, all these situations, we are going to learn this concept. We are going to learn this concept. We are going to learn five fixed situations from one unit and the good learn five fixed situations from one unit and the good thing is that  If your simple past tense thing is that  If your simple past tense concept is clear, if your simple past concept is clear, if your simple past tense is clear, if you have not tense is clear, if you have not done it, then watch episode 210, then today we are going to learn a new done it, then watch episode 210, then today we are going to learn a new section and you will learn all this, section and you will learn all this, then the connection, first of all let us see then the connection, first of all let us see how to do bill, how will we do bill, how to do bill, how will we do bill, how will we say it, so for that how will we say it, so for that you have to learn a new section, so you have to learn a new section, so watch the description, you know, the watch the description, you know, the past tense of someone's bill is past tense of someone's bill is warden garden, now you all know that if warden garden, now you all know that if you remember episode 210, then because you remember episode 210, then because your homework is like this, when you do your homework is like this, when you do eight more in past tense, you behave normally, what does it eight more in past tense, you behave normally, what does it mean, for this, it is mean, for this, it is tasty, for this, it is this Gudda, two modes, tasty, for this, it is this Gudda, two modes, woolen woolen woolen Bollywood, all these, friend, rest up, when we have done it, we will Bollywood, all these, friend, rest up, when we have done it, we will just just just put our fingers on top, it will be wooden and everything else is the same, that put our fingers on top, it will be wooden and everything else is the same, that you mean iodine tipsy, this is you mean iodine tipsy, this is against fact, thank you, don't drink against fact, thank you, don't drink Pepsi, do you understand something, this is Pepsi, do you understand something, this is against pizza, obscene, simple ad, rest all are against pizza, obscene, simple ad, rest all are normal, your section  For them, Dum is simple, normal, your section  For them, Dum is simple, balance, like the weaker section, special contribution has to be balance, like the weaker section, special contribution has to be used, it is very simple. Right now you will used, it is very simple. Right now you will see two tables on the screen, if your see two tables on the screen, if your simple past tense is clear (episode 210), then simple past tense is clear (episode 210), then you will recognize them immediately. The first one you will recognize them immediately. The first one is Warn and Hatkar table and the second one is is Warn and Hatkar table and the second one is Mod work. All these sometimes come in the past tense. Mod work. All these sometimes come in the past tense. We will not go much into this. Now, as We will not go much into this. Now, as I said, all the Mod words are I said, all the Mod words are used in the past tense. Dum mast. You have to keep the head of Hattan in the fat. It will be tasty. This will be the You have to keep the head of Hattan in the fat. It will be tasty. This will be the button of similar, not friend. Right now we are going to button of similar, not friend. Right now we are going to use the part for action. use the part for action. Only among these viral Hat organs, which are Only among these viral Hat organs, which are Eastern and Duryodhan, we are going to revolve around them Eastern and Duryodhan, we are going to revolve around them and what are we going to do with them, Ronit and what are we going to do with them, Ronit Ronit is in simple English Ronit is in simple English because can you give me a par, now you are asking for it, it is on the basis of girls and you are getting a little basis of girls and you are getting a little flighty. It turned out that we have become flighty. It turned out that we have become so used to Islam that he understands that so used to Islam that he understands that good past tense is not at all that I am good past tense is not at all that I am now we are in the present  It is in tense but you can get now we are in the present  It is in tense but you can get confused it will not be like that in German this confused it will not be like that in German this normal past tense total will be normal past tense total will be different contest and this is the different contest and this is the contest of most of them, those people will see on advantage and later contest of most of them, those people will see on advantage and later first of all how can you do the bill, did you first of all how can you do the bill, did you understand see all the normal and there is understand see all the normal and there is no tension at all B road and Giloy and only no tension at all B road and Giloy and only viral hutan and mode all works they have viral hutan and mode all works they have tense forms only 25 they will get their age tense forms only 25 they will get their age date confirmed understood everyone now date confirmed understood everyone now which way do they give its use if which way do they give its use if you have understood it completely its use is very interesting first of all it is you have understood it completely its use is very interesting first of all it is very simple user that if someone very simple user that if someone wanted to buy a laptop then it would be issuer diner laptop coupon and then this issuer diner laptop coupon and then this viewer paris scarecrow blind copy second is that viewer paris scarecrow blind copy second is that and this I said can you give me up in the and this I said can you give me up in the funeral in Berlin and a little late you want funeral in Berlin and a little late you want 10 a little more flu third interesting if you want to give 10 a little more flu third interesting if you want to give suggestion to someone but it should not come on your own then suggestion to someone but it should not come on your own then you can ask for it, you you can ask for it, you can ask for mask  Later can can ask for mask  Later can I ask I mean I ask I mean why should you ask in the Duggi test mark courtyard why should you ask in the Duggi test mark courtyard this way this fact and interesting that I this way this fact and interesting that I mean that was my old sir he used to use mean that was my old sir he used to use kilometer a lot 540 means good also it's kilometer a lot 540 means good also it's kind of slang it's mainly used kind of slang it's mainly used sq meters will go it's good also it sq meters will go it's good also it could be that he did could be that he did n't call others it could be that his phone is n't call others it could be that his phone is bad that look you are not for me I can't stay there bad that look you are not for me I can't stay there someone like this and he doesn't want to talk to home someone like this and he doesn't want to talk to home but he got it could also be but he got it could also be that I called him this you say that I called him this you say that my gas is on the left note shoulder that that my gas is on the left note shoulder that it could be like this so how would you say ad it could be like this so how would you say ad why should I go out dar guide handy and why should I go out dar guide handy and different factors and till Sanjay and attend different factors and till Sanjay and attend your favorite sometimes that thing would be like so your favorite sometimes that thing would be like so if I had money if I had money I would go to Paris as long as I had pass then I would go to Paris as long as I had pass then I would go to Paris so if I had I would go to Paris so if I had money left how would I go for this hotel for this money left how would I go for this hotel for this tractor I would go first against tractor I would go first against Paris  If you want to send then add it to your side so Paris  If you want to send then add it to your side so its color is this and this and the shop in the Vilas Palace for its color is this and this and the shop in the Vilas Palace for ₹1 sentence etc. and vanish ₹1 sentence etc. and vanish clear tubelight and you can it is very simple clear tubelight and you can it is very simple what happens with this is that this is a little bit of a high what happens with this is that this is a little bit of a high level concept in this piece also level concept in this piece also after the word life you will use this when you after the word life you will use this when you just use it then you are showing just use it then you are showing that I can talk about serials, I can that I can talk about serials, I can also talk about fiction, it is a tasty concept also talk about fiction, it is a tasty concept important and I find it very important and I find it very interesting in real life this cancel interesting in real life this cancel okay so very Krishna we device this concept okay so very Krishna we device this concept first of all this action is first of all this action is used, in the imaginary world that this used, in the imaginary world that this can happen, if this happened then to can happen, if this happened then to say all this we use say all this we use that how do we bill it is normal and there is that how do we bill it is normal and there is absolutely no tension for it of the villain problem absolutely no tension for it of the villain problem make such a simple form apply Dubai test against this very make such a simple form apply Dubai test against this very simple rate only mutton viral and simple rate only mutton viral and modal verbs they have tense form and 1995 modal verbs they have tense form and 1995 they have free continuous Dashrath clear they have free continuous Dashrath clear And I have used five of them, let's see some cream, first of all I had to And I have used five of them, let's see some cream, first of all I had to buy a laptop, friend, issue buy a laptop, friend, issue dryness, laptop coupon, okay, then it is at the dryness, laptop coupon, okay, then it is at the point, don't be angry with me, I am fully, I have point, don't be angry with me, I am fully, I have used it, thirdly because I used it, thirdly because I know how to give advice, I mean, know how to give advice, I mean, I can ask for a mask, then I can ask for a mask, then why not test mark the premises, fourthly, it cannot be a why not test mark the premises, fourthly, it cannot be a thief, it may be there, then thief, it may be there, then why enter the app, it is in why enter the app, it is in handy and effect, that is handy and effect, that is and fifthly, my sometimes, if I had and fifthly, my sometimes, if I had money, it would have been money, it would have been beneficial for us, the ribbon of Caster Viewers is beneficial for us, the ribbon of Caster Viewers is absolutely simple, consult, I hope absolutely simple, consult, I hope you have understood this connection, we will meet you have understood this connection, we will meet