Hello, welcome to the next episode of Learn German in Hindi. Hello, welcome to the next episode of Learn German in Hindi. Today we are going to Today we are going to learn a very interesting work. learn a very interesting work. Now, this word Larson is used a lot Now, this word Larson is used a lot in today's life or when we speak it, it is in today's life or when we speak it, it is used a lot outside and in a very good way. So, that is why used a lot outside and in a very good way. So, that is why today we are going to learn some of its important uses. So today we are going to learn some of its important uses. So first of all, let's see how it works. It works first of all, let's see how it works. It works very very very simply. You must also be seeing it on the screen. simply. You must also be seeing it on the screen. This plaster two glass entry latch Veer This plaster two glass entry latch Veer Wilson, it works very simply. Everyone understood Wilson, it works very simply. Everyone understood that it should be taken away from Islam. If we learn to use it, then that it should be taken away from Islam. If we learn to use it, then first of all we will use it as a first of all we will use it as a shield. It will remain shield. It will remain in the main section. So we use it. in the main section. So we use it. Hey friend, we will get it done. Then we get Hey friend, we will get it done. Then we get something done and get it done from someone else. something done and get it done from someone else. For example, I repair my car. If I get it repaired from someone, from a mechanic, then If I get it repaired from someone, from a mechanic, then what will I say? Islam what will I say? Islam 's repair run. Okay, that's where I 's repair run. Okay, that's where I wash my shirt. This year there is a guava. I get wash my shirt. This year there is a guava. I get my shirt repaired from someone.  If you get this lakh my shirt repaired from someone.  If you get this lakh white murder reading simple admission done then white murder reading simple admission done then what will you do with lakh injustice, what will you do with lakh injustice, you will do model Nargis, member end is needed now the you will do model Nargis, member end is needed now the second use of it is that many times second use of it is that many times if you are in Germany then you will see that you call clutch as if you are in Germany then you will see that you call clutch as laddu answer by late it is because of this it is of laddu answer by late it is because of this it is of Lakhan, it is of profit or lunch behind the back Lakhan, it is of profit or lunch behind the back licensed physician and then garlic licensed physician and then garlic status ringtone is a status ringtone is a simple so it is like loot many times it is simple so it is like loot many times it is strong and there is one more use of it people get strong and there is one more use of it people get confused by it leave it confused by it leave it like limit last remedies 10 leave it friend like limit last remedies 10 leave it friend lakh sangeeta or else he cannot lakh sangeeta or else he cannot quit cigarette arkan das Ravana nishtha lakshana quit cigarette arkan das Ravana nishtha lakshana Chitrakoot smoking can das Ravana list Chitrakoot smoking can das Ravana list garlic in it like normal v now garlic in it like normal v now going a little further it means leave Lakshmi people going a little further it means leave Lakshmi people then Allah leave me alone then mushroom then Allah leave me alone then mushroom then let people live in peace all these are then let people live in peace all these are used so this is me and some of its used so this is me and some of its types types types so like it and I will tell you just after so like it and I will tell you just after that Allah do it in this way also that Allah do it in this way also I will give birth to my daughter on Sunday  Let me watch TV, I will give birth to my daughter on Sunday  Let me watch TV, okay, I love island, every watch TV on Sunday, okay, I love island, every watch TV on Sunday, so what about Islam, main doctor, common so what about Islam, main doctor, common zonetag parents, burning alerts, all these zonetag parents, burning alerts, all these news channels, those natives who have come out, news channels, those natives who have come out, their mother tongue, so what were these their mother tongue, so what were these four important for us, first of all let's get four important for us, first of all let's get this Lakshya done, Manav to Tripurari this Lakshya done, Manav to Tripurari Sharan, second that let's do it, I have liked it, Sharan, second that let's do it, I have liked it, third liquid garlic won and fourth third liquid garlic won and fourth general admission rule, I hope you all general admission rule, I hope you all understood this confirmation, we will meet understood this confirmation, we will meet