Hello, welcome to the tree episode of Learn German in Hindi. In the last episode, we took a test on German basis. In the last episode, we took a test on German basis. In this episode, the most In this episode, the most important thing for me is Modal Bhaar and along with that, we will take future tense and questions request petitions. Next week, the exam take future tense and questions request petitions. Next week, the exam which is going to be held is also which is going to be held is also important. The SSP of that country is going to important. The SSP of that country is going to take the test. So, I will request you to revise in the next 7 days if possible. Sure, you will be revise in the next 7 days if possible. Sure, you will be prepared for it. Okay, let's start prepared for it. Okay, let's start today's test. Right now, you will see 25 questions on the screen. today's test. Right now, you will see 25 questions on the screen. As I said last time, As I said last time, solve the question immediately solve the question immediately and pause here. Try to solve it without any help. and pause here. Try to solve it without any help. And when you have solved it, take the And when you have solved it, take the pause and we can move ahead. pause and we can move ahead. I hope that all of you must have asked I hope that all of you must have asked 25 questions. Now we will see the answers. Put it in Google a little quick revision. Put it in Google a little quick revision. What happens in the mode of class? Why are there What happens in the mode of class? Why are there London etc.  What happens in it is the London etc.  What happens in it is the mode square is in the second position it moves mode square is in the second position it moves and male worker and mix in female goes and male worker and mix in female goes for example I can do it is the victim for example I can do it is the victim pizza action happened selected pizza pizza action happened selected pizza person union pizza Edison juice let's person union pizza Edison juice let's see the answer so let's see the answer so let's start immediately icon play cricket this scandal start immediately icon play cricket this scandal cricket clearance filler will not work you cricket clearance filler will not work you must speak the word you should learn must speak the word you should learn German schedule watch Lebanon 122 happens then if you do German schedule watch Lebanon 122 happens then if you do n't put it then you make a lot of n't put it then you make a lot of mistakes yasmin muslims of mistakes yasmin muslims of women in leave it gym we will women in leave it gym we will see when we see how for now these are also ok that can meet Anil see when we see how for now these are also ok that can meet Anil Aaron Anil fun humor drink coffee Aaron Anil fun humor drink coffee milk a patriarch that good night to learn milk a patriarch that good night to learn Spanish would like to what all is Spanish would like to what all is newston that's why admit Spanish layer not I have to newston that's why admit Spanish layer not I have to play tennis this trick question have to play tennis this trick question have to mean this ancestral speed learn she mean this ancestral speed learn she can visit Paris teeth Paris Baiju Khan now can visit Paris teeth Paris Baiju Khan now we go into that I will we go into that I will lead leaf ishq veritor pass lead leaf ishq veritor pass pencil welding  At the end of this we will pencil welding  At the end of this we will check the German, let's do this success also, check the German, let's do this success also, he will do it for ourselves, okay next you will meet he will do it for ourselves, okay next you will meet Andheri door beans Anil Saif, he will play Andheri door beans Anil Saif, he will play football with such pass screen will learn English well done English lu football with such pass screen will learn English well done English lu and on Thursday we and on Thursday we see the question and where is Anil, he is Anil do do do it is the question see the question and where is Anil, he is Anil do do do it is the question again how many how many cars will come together that is why those wheeler auto come together that is why those wheeler auto ships are 20, if you want to respect then ships are 20, if you want to respect then drink this no question Prince break then drink this no question Prince break then play cricket speed cricket's European play cricket speed cricket's European Jaisan Mian this cricket pitch cricket pillar Jaisan Mian this cricket pitch cricket pillar and favorite request you to give one I and favorite request you to give one I hope that all of you must have done that, hope that all of you must have done that, whatever is written below from the market, if you do whatever is written below from the market, if you do not understand anything then do that device as not understand anything then do that device as I said in the next we are going to subscribe, I said in the next we are going to subscribe, we will meet in this episode we will meet in this episode