Hello, welcome to this episode of Learn German in Hindi. Hello, welcome to this episode of Learn German in Hindi. As we As we decided last time, decided last time, what we are going to do today is Nominee and what we are going to do today is Nominee and Registrar Dr. Because today we are going to Registrar Dr. Because today we are going to take a test on 25 passages on this, so I hope take a test on 25 passages on this, so I hope that you guys must have revised it before, if that you guys must have revised it before, if not then not then revise it first and then give the test, it will be a little hard revise it first and then give the test, it will be a little hard and we will and we will take the test in the same pattern as we have learnt, take the test in the same pattern as we have learnt, how did we learn, first we learnt what is how did we learn, first we learnt what is novelty and what is attract, novelty and what is attract, after that we learnt Dayal Das for Joe, after that we learnt Dayal Das for Joe, after that we learnt how to use mirror mirror, after that we learnt how to use mirror mirror, then we learnt mine thei, after that actress then we learnt mine thei, after that actress position is okay and then we solved complex position is okay and then we solved complex sentence, we are going to do the test in the same way, so let's sentence, we are going to do the test in the same way, so let's start, now you will start, now you will see 25 questions on the screen, as see 25 questions on the screen, as I always say, without any cheating, I always say, without any cheating, solve them properly, you can scan and solve them properly, you can scan and pause here, this question will be finished, pause here, this question will be finished, then you can take out this portion then you can take out this portion and one small thing is fun, you know that and one small thing is fun, you know that I have deliberately used the word team simple here I have deliberately used the word team simple here which you used, first and which you used, first and tow ball zone motor farmtrac tractor tow ball zone motor farmtrac tractor so that it becomes easy for you that you know so that it becomes easy for you that you know its male-female laddu, once you its male-female laddu, once you understand how to operate it, then you can understand how to operate it, then you can do it for the rest of the male-female networks as well, do it for the rest of the male-female networks as well, so okay solve it now, after searching by singing, you so okay solve it now, after searching by singing, you can go ahead now, can go ahead now, I hope that all of you must have solved it properly, it must have been a I hope that all of you must have solved it properly, it must have been a little lost, it was a little lost, it was a bit simple, we will see that later, now bit simple, we will see that later, now before seeing the answer, what I want to tell you is that before seeing the answer, what I want to tell you is that if you remember what you did, you did it if you remember what you did, you did it step by step, if you do step by step, if you do not follow it then it will be a mistake, in this not follow it then it will be a mistake, in this previous one, if you are new, if you remember we had previous one, if you are new, if you remember we had seen that there are subjects, there are objects, these seen that there are subjects, there are objects, these directors are with minutes, then directors are with minutes, then how to do admin, then which table to see for the and how to do admin, then which table to see for the and for if if i is there then for if if i is there then whose replacement is there, if you are there then with whom do you have to whose replacement is there, if you are there then with whom do you have to repeat, we all this  If you do repeat, we all this  If you do n't watch for questions, then that video will be over. n't watch for questions, then that video will be over. If there is something different, I will explain it. So, I will If there is something different, I will explain it. So, I will explain directly in this video. explain directly in this video. If you have any doubts, you If you have any doubts, you can go and watch the first video. If can go and watch the first video. If you get any doubts from that too, what can you do? You you get any doubts from that too, what can you do? You can post in the comments below. I will can post in the comments below. I will try to answer it. So, let's try to answer it. So, let's start in that. Let's see the answer. start in that. Let's see the answer. In the beginning, it's very simple. Like we started with In the beginning, it's very simple. Like we started with the white thing, the white thing, Reddy and restraint. I love push. That's why Reddy and restraint. I love push. That's why Dadasa to opposite it is pledged with the whole Dadasa to opposite it is pledged with the whole school school school medium. We will talk about hair removal. medium. We will talk about hair removal. This is what she is. This hug. This is what she is. This hug. Next, from 9 newsroom, less distribution ka ishq Next, from 9 newsroom, less distribution ka ishq upma mitaai ne mau 245. Let's mix it with upma mitaai ne mau 245. Let's mix it with Mike and this black Mike and this black human to issue of human to issue of colors. Just something. So, colors. Just something. So, if it's black, it's fine. Otherwise, don't do it. if it's black, it's fine. Otherwise, don't do it. Okay, the young man has a Okay, the young man has a rule that that thing has been looted. Loot rule that that thing has been looted. Loot blouse do. This will be confusion in this city. blouse do. This will be confusion in this city. If you go directly and do it step by If you go directly and do it step by step, then there will never be any confusion. step, then there will never be any confusion. Illegal work brown  ne them dhar auto this Illegal work brown  ne them dhar auto this provision key provision key provision key place with the recent years paste minute place with the recent years paste minute signin jo dev signin jo dev love affair love affair believe virveer comes virveer comes virveer comes with government v with government v mid-range mou to do i love you watch this week mid-range mou to do i love you watch this week responsibility va that loves his father responsibility va that loves his father died in the latter died in the latter vighna vighna vighna more 1968 to pig ko utterly simple wala thoda sa more 1968 to pig ko utterly simple wala thoda sa use karne tak aapko 15 use karne tak aapko 15 se tension aaya ho to aaye people with tamil se tension aaya ho to aaye people with tamil see what is anil proper noun hai so see what is anil proper noun hai so speed limit anil hi karna laga das nothing will seem speed limit anil hi karna laga das nothing will seem clear now let's get into prepositions clear now let's get into prepositions come come without myka come come without myka ishq makun manav tokyo hona is registrar ishq makun manav tokyo hona is registrar come for my father is this last month come for my father is this last month fighter again then what time is that come after his fighter again then what time is that come after his mother egg com named banner motor mother egg com named banner motor why because nose do hai we go to our why because nose do hai we go to our number ghaghra kunjar james john this number ghaghra kunjar james john this dip dip has and obscene prepositions see dip dip has and obscene prepositions see i govinda restaurant is wheat in das i govinda restaurant is wheat in das restaurant place changed i the restaurant place changed i the restaurant style in this restaurant was restaurant style in this restaurant was in the same place if you only  If you in the same place if you only  If you remember the question cut then my mother loves my daughter let's try it a little remember the question cut then my mother loves my daughter let's try it a little in both the places also so in both the places also so it is simple because for female there is it is simple because for female there is update in this time so minor voter update in this time so minor voter list - Dr. Same is a little more hard now they list - Dr. Same is a little more hard now they say that father please with Jason data in say that father please with Jason data in fast appeal minute white why dip both fast appeal minute white why dip both and in acting most people have a question and in acting most people have a question my father gives my son my friend my father gives my son my friend away from you who is the doer father has done the deed away from you who is the doer father has done the deed and who is the indirect object and who is the indirect object with what will happen mind water gift my with what will happen mind water gift my name zone - institute a reminder name zone - institute a reminder how many different ways it went I hope you how many different ways it went I hope you all have checked your answers all have checked your answers whatever your answer is you can put it in the comments whatever your answer is you can put it in the comments see it is possible that you might have see it is possible that you might have lost a little bit that if you have lost a little bit that if you have not practiced 5 sentences everyday then you will get a not practiced 5 sentences everyday then you will get a little lost if you do not remember some concept then go and little lost if you do not remember some concept then go and watch the videos again and if watch the videos again and if this is a trick then you keep practicing a lot if you this is a trick then you keep practicing a lot if you still have some give up from any party then still have some give up from any party then you can ask in the comments  I you can ask in the comments  I hope you liked today's video. hope you liked today's video. Next Sunday in the next episode we will Next Sunday in the next episode we will test all of you on the past tense test all of you on the past tense of German, so till then study it of German, so till then study it friends, very important part, friends, very important part, we will meet next Sunday. we will meet next Sunday. Thanks.